Add documentation about Sink<GenericObject> and Source<byte[]> (#10267)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/io-develop.md

        `ack` |Acknowledge that the record is fully processed.
        `fail`|Indicate that the record fails to be processed.

> ## Handling Schema information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Handle schema information
```

Reviewer: @eolivelli seems that some comments are not incorporated? (like this)

> Pulsar IO handles automatically the Schema and provides a strongly typed API based on Java generics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulsar IO automatically handles the schema and provides a strongly typed API based on Java generics.
```

Author: done

> If you know the Schema type that you are producing you can declare the Java class relative to that type in your Sink declaration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you know the schema type that you are producing, you can declare the Java class relative to that type in your sink declaration.
```

```
public class MySource implements Source<String> {
    public Record<String> read() {}
}
```

> If you want to implement a Source that works with any schema then you go with `byte[]` (of `ByteBuffer`) and use Schema.AUTO_PRODUCE_BYTES().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to implement a source that works with any schema, you can go with `byte[]` (of `ByteBuffer`) and use Schema.AUTO_PRODUCE_BYTES().
```

Author: done

```
public class MySource implements Source<byte[]> {
    public Record<byte[]> read() {
        
        Schema wantedSchema = ....
        Record<byte[]> myRecord = new MyRecordImplementation(); 
        ....
    }
    class MyRecordImplementation implements Record<byte[]> {
         public byte[] getValue() {
            return ....encoded byte[]...that represents the value 
         }
         public Schema<byte[]> getSchema() {
             return Schema.AUTO_PRODUCE_BYTES(wantedSchema);
         }
    }
}
```

> In order to handle properly the KeyValue type your Record implementation must follow this convention:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle the `KeyValue` type properly, follow the guidelines for your record implementation:
```

> - it must implement {@inject: github:`Record`:/pulsar-functions/api-java/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/functions/api/KVRecord.java} interface and implement `getKeySchema`,`getValueSchema` and `getKeyValueEncodingType`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It must implement {@inject: github:`Record`:/pulsar-functions/api-java/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/functions/api/KVRecord.java} interface and implement `getKeySchema`,`getValueSchema`, and `getKeyValueEncodingType`
```

Capitalize the first letter of the first word in the list. Please check all.

Author: done

- it must return a `KeyValue` object as `Record.getValue()`
- it may return null in `Record.getSchema()`

> When Pulsar IO runtime encounters a `KVRecord` it will automatically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Pulsar IO runtime encounters a `KVRecord`, it brings the following changes automatically:
```

    You also need to ack records (if messages are sent successfully) or fail records (if messages fail to send). 

## Handling Schema information

Pulsar IO handles automatically the Schema and provides a strongly typed API based on Java generics.
If you know the Schema type that you are consuming from you can declare the Java class relative to that type in your Sink declaration.

```
public class MySink implements Sink<String> {
    public void write(Record<String> record) {}
}
```

> If you want to implement a Sink that works with any schema then you go with the special GenericObject interface.

Reviewer: same comment as previously

Author: done

```
public class MySink implements Sink<GenericObject> {
    public void write(Record<GenericObject> record) {
        Schema schema = record.getSchema();
        GenericObject genericObject = record.getValue();
        SchemaType type = genericObject.getSchemaType();
        Object nativeObject = genericObject.getNativeObject();
        ....
    }
}
```

> In case of AVRO, JSON and Protobuf records (schemaType=AVRO,JSON,PROTOBUF_NATIVE) you can cast the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of AVRO, JSON, and Protobuf records (schemaType=AVRO,JSON,PROTOBUF_NATIVE), you can cast the
```

`genericObject` variable to `GenericRecord` and use `getFields()` and `getField()` API.
You are able to access the native AVRO record using  `genericObject.getNativeObject()`.

> In case of KeyValue type you can access both the Schema for the Key and the schema for the Value using this code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of KeyValue type, you can access both the schema for the key and the schema for the value using this code.
```

Author: done

```
public class MySink implements Sink<GenericObject> {
    public void write(Record<GenericObject> record) {
        Schema schema = record.getSchema();

>         GenericObject genericObject = record.getValue();

Reviewer 2: `genericObject`, `schema ` can be null, add handling of these cases into the example

        SchemaType type = genericObject.getSchemaType();
        Object nativeObject = genericObject.getNativeObject();
        
        KeyValue keyValue = (KeyValue) nativeObject;        
        Object key = keyValue.getKey();
        Object value = keyValue.getValue();
        
        KeyValueSchema keyValueSchema = (KeyValueSchema) schema;
        Schema keySchema = keyValueSchema.getKeySchema();

>         Schema valueSchema = keyValueSchema.getValueSchema();        

Reviewer 2: wrap it into `if (type == SchemaType.KEY_VALUE)` ?

Author: done
